Fix: Required prop with inputs (#767)
strapi/design-system: packages/strapi-design-system/src/DatePicker/DatePicker.stories.mdx

  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Disabled

> Depending on the permissions a user have or the status of an action, a `DatePicker` can be unreachable or unavailable yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the permissions a user have or the status of an action, a `DatePicker` can be disabled.
```

  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Error

> `DatePicker` can display error. The error message is customizable and replace the description line below the writing area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DatePicker` can display an error. The error message is customizable and replaces the description line below the input.
```
